name	 cputime 	 needtime 		 runtime 		 status
name:Q1  cputime:0   needtime:2   runtime:0   	status:ready
name:Q2  cputime:0   needtime:3   runtime:0   	status:ready
name:Q3  cputime:0   needtime:1   runtime:0   	status:ready
name:Q4  cputime:0   needtime:2   runtime:0   	status:ready
name:Q5  cputime:0   needtime:2   runtime:0   	status:ready

name:Q2  cputime:1   needtime:3   runtime:0   	status:ready
name:Q3  cputime:1   needtime:1   runtime:0   	status:ready
name:Q4  cputime:1   needtime:2   runtime:0   	status:ready
name:Q5  cputime:1   needtime:2   runtime:0   	status:ready
name:Q1  cputime:1   needtime:2   runtime:1   	status:ready

name:Q3  cputime:2   needtime:1   runtime:0   	status:ready
name:Q4  cputime:2   needtime:2   runtime:0   	status:ready
name:Q5  cputime:2   needtime:2   runtime:0   	status:ready
name:Q1  cputime:2   needtime:2   runtime:1   	status:ready
name:Q2  cputime:2   needtime:3   runtime:1   	status:ready

name:Q4  cputime:3   needtime:2   runtime:0   	status:ready
name:Q5  cputime:3   needtime:2   runtime:0   	status:ready
name:Q1  cputime:3   needtime:2   runtime:1   	status:ready
name:Q2  cputime:3   needtime:3   runtime:1   	status:ready
name:Q3  cputime:3   needtime:1   runtime:1   	status:finish

name:Q5  cputime:4   needtime:2   runtime:0   	status:ready
name:Q1  cputime:4   needtime:2   runtime:1   	status:ready
name:Q2  cputime:4   needtime:3   runtime:1   	status:ready
name:Q4  cputime:4   needtime:2   runtime:1   	status:ready
name:Q3  cputime:4   needtime:1   runtime:1   	status:finish

name:Q1  cputime:5   needtime:2   runtime:1   	status:ready
name:Q2  cputime:5   needtime:3   runtime:1   	status:ready
name:Q4  cputime:5   needtime:2   runtime:1   	status:ready
name:Q5  cputime:5   needtime:2   runtime:1   	status:ready
name:Q3  cputime:5   needtime:1   runtime:1   	status:finish

name:Q2  cputime:6   needtime:3   runtime:1   	status:ready
name:Q4  cputime:6   needtime:2   runtime:1   	status:ready
name:Q5  cputime:6   needtime:2   runtime:1   	status:ready
name:Q3  cputime:6   needtime:1   runtime:1   	status:finish
name:Q1  cputime:6   needtime:2   runtime:2   	status:finish

name:Q4  cputime:7   needtime:2   runtime:1   	status:ready
name:Q5  cputime:7   needtime:2   runtime:1   	status:ready
name:Q2  cputime:7   needtime:3   runtime:2   	status:ready
name:Q3  cputime:7   needtime:1   runtime:1   	status:finish
name:Q1  cputime:7   needtime:2   runtime:2   	status:finish

name:Q5  cputime:8   needtime:2   runtime:1   	status:ready
name:Q2  cputime:8   needtime:3   runtime:2   	status:ready
name:Q3  cputime:8   needtime:1   runtime:1   	status:finish
name:Q1  cputime:8   needtime:2   runtime:2   	status:finish
name:Q4  cputime:8   needtime:2   runtime:2   	status:finish

name:Q2  cputime:9   needtime:3   runtime:2   	status:ready
name:Q3  cputime:9   needtime:1   runtime:1   	status:finish
name:Q1  cputime:9   needtime:2   runtime:2   	status:finish
name:Q4  cputime:9   needtime:2   runtime:2   	status:finish
name:Q5  cputime:9   needtime:2   runtime:2   	status:finish

name:Q3  cputime:10  needtime:1   runtime:1   	status:finish
name:Q1  cputime:10  needtime:2   runtime:2   	status:finish
name:Q4  cputime:10  needtime:2   runtime:2   	status:finish
name:Q5  cputime:10  needtime:2   runtime:2   	status:finish
name:Q2  cputime:10  needtime:3   runtime:3   	status:finish

